[check-cert-file] improve README (#272)
mackerelio/go-check-plugins: check-cert-file/README.md

# check-cert-file

## Description
Check expiry for a certification file.

## Synopsis
```
check-cert-file --file=/path/to/cert.pem --warning=30 --critical=14
```

## Installation

First, build this program.

```
go get github.com/mackerelio/go-check-plugins
cd $(go env GOPATH)/src/github.com/mackerelio/go-check-plugins/check-cert-file
go install
```

> Or you can use this program by installing the official Mackerel package. see [Using the official check plugin pack for check monitoring - Mackerel Docs](https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/mackerel-check-plugins).

Reviewer: [nit]
```suggestion
Or you can use this program by installing the official Mackerel package. See [Using the official check plugin pack for check monitoring - Mackerel Docs](https://mackerel.io/docs/entry/howto/mackerel-check-plugins).
```

Author: Thanks!! Fixed by efb7e55

Next, you can execute this program :-)

```
check-cert-file --file=/path/to/cert.pem --warning=30 --critical=14
```

## Setting for mackerel-agent

> If there is no problem in the execution result, add the setting in mackerel-agent.conf .

Reviewer: [nit]
```suggestion
If there are no problems in the execution result, add a setting in mackerel-agent.conf .
```

Author: Thanks!! Fixed by efb7e55
